Rare Boysenberry Pheasant

medium

# Imbalance in Staking Duration Multipliers

## Summary
An imbalance has been identified in the staking duration multipliers set during the contract initialization phase of the Ethereum staking contract. The multipliers, intended to incentivize users to stake their ETH for varying durations, are disproportionately advantageous for shorter staking periods, particularly the three-month duration. This imbalance undermines the incentive structure designed to encourage longer-term staking commitments.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the constructor of the contract, staking duration multipliers are set as follows: 10,000 for three months, 15,000 for six months, and 30,000 for one year. This structure inadvertently creates a scenario where staking for shorter durations is more beneficial than committing to longer periods. Specifically, staking for three months twice yields a greater return in $VVV tokens compared to a single six-month stake, contradicting the typical incentive model that rewards longer staking periods with higher returns.


## Impact
The primary impact of this design flaw is a skewed staking behavior among users, leading to:

* Short-term Staking Preference: Users are incentivized to stake for shorter durations and renew their stakes more frequently to maximize rewards, contrary to the intended goal of promoting long-term investments.

* Economic Inefficiencies: The imbalanced multiplier may lead to rapid fluctuations in staking volumes around the end of shorter staking periods, potentially causing volatility in the platform's tokenomics and undermining the stability of the $VVV token.


## Code Snippet
```solidity
constructor(
    address _authorizationRegistryAddress
) VVVAuthorizationRegistryChecker(_authorizationRegistryAddress) {
    durationToSeconds[StakingDuration.ThreeMonths] = 90 days;
    durationToSeconds[StakingDuration.SixMonths] = 180 days;
    durationToSeconds[StakingDuration.OneYear] = 360 days;

    durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.ThreeMonths] = 10_000;
    durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.SixMonths] = 15_000;
    durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.OneYear] = 30_000;
}
```

[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L107-L117)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To rectify this issue and align the staking rewards system with the goal of incentivizing longer-term investments, reevaluate the multiplier values for each staking duration to ensure that longer staking periods offer proportionally higher rewards. This could involve increasing the multipliers for longer durations or introducing a progressive increase formula that more accurately reflects the value of long-term staking. Such as:
```solidity
    durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.ThreeMonths] = 10_000;
    durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.SixMonths] = 25_000;
    durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.OneYear] = 60_000;
```
