Dancing Silver Iguana

high

# The change of duration multipliers affects user's rewards by taking into calculations past stakes

## Summary

The [`setDurationMultipliers`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L264-L271) function allows for changing duration multipliers. However, since the claim function iterates over all stakes, including those that were withdrawn, it leads to a scenario where, if the multipliers are decreased, past stakes affect the accrued rewards from current and future stakes.

## Vulnerability Detail

Following example presents scenario where user looses accrued rewards because of decrease of duration multiplier.

1. User stakes 10 ETH for 3 months with the multiplier of `10_000` and accrues 10 tokens. Then he claims rewards.
```shell
10e18 * 1 * 10_000 / 10_000 = 10e18
```
2. User claims the rewards and user's `userVvvClaimed` is updated to `10e18`
3. The multipliers are changed in a way that the 3 months are now 5_000.
4. User stakes for 3 months with the new multiplier and since the function iterates over all stakes the following calculations are made:
```shell
10e18 * 1 * 5_000 / 10_000 => 5e18
10e18 * 1 * 5_000 / 10_000 => 5e18
5e18 + 5e18 = 10e18
```
5. User cannot claim the rewards since `userVvvClaimed` is already `10e18` and `10e18 - 10e18 = 0`
6. User effectively lost the rewards that he should have accumulated.
 
## Impact

The change of duration multipliers either decreases or increases user's rewards by taking into calculations past stakes.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to redesign the logic in a way the change of duration multipliers will not force the protocol to calculate rewards of the current stakes taking into considerations rewards from stakes that were already claimed or withdrawn.