Alert Graphite Nightingale

medium

# Users will not get their stake if the multiplier is decreased because of the aggregation of all stakes

## Summary

The protocol aggregates the totalVvvAccrued of a user. If the multiplier decreases for one vesting duration, it will affect his rewards for other vesting durations, which makes the user unable to claim his rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

A user can stake native tokens to get vvv tokens, and he can choose which duration he wants to stake (3months,6months,12months). Depending on the duration, the multiplier will be greater, which means that the user can get more vvv tokens.

When calculating the rewards that the user gets, the protocol will combine all the stakes and check how much vvv has been accrued for the user

```solidity
   function calculateAccruedVvvAmount() public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256[] memory stakeIds = _userStakeIds[msg.sender];
        if (stakeIds.length == 0) return 0;

        uint256 totalVvvAccrued;
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < stakeIds.length; ++i) {
            StakeData memory stake = userStakes[msg.sender][stakeIds[i]];
            unchecked {
                totalVvvAccrued += calculateAccruedVvvAmount(stake);
            }
        }

        return totalVvvAccrued;
    }
```

The protocol can also change the multiplier at any time, through `setDurationMultipliers()`

```solidity
    ///@notice sets the duration multipliers for a duration enum entry
    function setDurationMultipliers(
        StakingDuration[] memory _duration,
        uint256[] memory _multipliers
    ) external onlyAuthorized {
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < _duration.length; ++i) {
            durationToMultiplier[_duration[i]] = _multipliers[i];
        }
    }
```

PoC:

The issue comes in because of the loop in `calculateAccruedVvvAmount()`, which takes every stake the user has. 

1. Bob decides to stake 1 eth for 1 year. After a year, he gets 3 vvv tokens (1 year multiplier = 30000 (3x)).
2. Bob likes the protocol a lot, so after 1 year, he decides to stake 1 ETH for another three months, hoping to get 1 vvv token after 3 months (1x multiplier)
3. Just as he started staking, protocol decides to revamp the multiplier of the 1 year duration. They feel like 3x is too much and 1 year is too long, so to disincentivise user to stake for 1 year, they reduced the stake multiplier to 2x.
4. After 3 months, Bob decides to claim his 1 vvv token (for his efforts from 3 months staking). He calls `claimVvv()`, which calculates his `claimableVvv` through `calculateClaimableVvvAmount()`. so far, his `userVvvClaimed[Bob]` is 3. 
5. Because the first 1 year stake is still recorded, he is supposed to get only 2 vvv tokens instead of 3 vvv tokens with the new 2x multiplier for 1 year.
6. Thus, his claimable vvv amount is 3 tokens, instead of 4. He will not be able to claim his new 3 months stake because his old stake multiplier is reduced, and ` if (_vvvAmount > claimableVvv) revert InsufficientClaimableVvv();` makes Bob unable to claim his 3 months stake

## Impact

Bob cannot claim his tokens despite staking. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L201-L213

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Recommend not aggregating the accruedVvvAmount from all stakes by the user, and just calculate one by one, to prevent a previous stake from influencing another stake.