Glorious Maroon Finch

high

# When admin changes multipler, it causes unfair rewards to be distributed to users

## Summary
The `durationToMultiplier` is used to check the $VVV accrual multiplier for the staking duration. The admin has a choice in the future to change the multiplier. This can cause unfair rewards to be distributed to users.

```solidity
    ///@notice The options for staking duration
    enum StakingDuration {
        ThreeMonths,
        SixMonths,
        OneYear
    }

    //@notice maps the duration enum entry to the $VVV accrual multiplier for that duration
    mapping(StakingDuration => uint256) public durationToMultiplier;

  // From constructor, initial multiplier
        durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.ThreeMonths] = 10_000;
        durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.SixMonths] = 15_000;
        durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.OneYear] = 30_000;
```
## Vulnerability Detail
The admin can change the `durationToMultiplier[_stake.stakeDuration]` using the `setDurationMultipliers` function.
```solidity
    function setDurationMultipliers(
        StakingDuration[] memory _duration,
        uint256[] memory _multipliers
    ) external onlyAuthorized {
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < _duration.length; ++i) {
            durationToMultiplier[_duration[i]] = _multipliers[i];
        }
    }
```
The issue here lies in its unfairness to past stakers who committed their stakes over an extended period. In the case of multiplier reduction, it remains unjust for long-term stakers (e.g., those staking for a year) as their rewards diminish. This situation can lead to dissatisfaction among current and prospective stakers since past stakers may receive unexpectedly higher rewards, contributing to an inflation of the $VVV token's value.

```solidity
            accruedVvv =
                (nominalAccruedEth * ethToVvvExchangeRate() * durationToMultiplier[_stake.stakeDuration]) / //@audit-issue
                DENOMINATOR;
```

Consider this scenario as an illustration:

1) Alice has been staking for 3 months, leading to `durationToMultiplier[_stake.stakeDuration]` being set at 10,000.
2) During the 2nd month of Alice's staking period, the admin decides to change `durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.ThreeMonths]` to 5,000.
3) Consequently, Alice receives reduced rewards due to the multiplier adjustment.
4) If Alice claims her rewards after 3 months, she only receives 0.5e18 tokens, which is significantly lower than expected.

This situation is unjust to Alice because she should have received higher rewards based on the initial multiplier but ends up with fewer rewards instead.

Another scenario:

1) Alice has been staking for 3 months, resulting in `durationToMultiplier[_stake.stakeDuration]` being set at 10,000.
2) During the 2nd month of Alice's staking period, she decides to claim her tokens, receiving 0.5e18 VVV tokens as per the current multiplier.


3) However, during the same period, the admin adjusts `durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.ThreeMonths]` to 5,000.
4) As a result of the adjustment, the total accrued VVV tokens for 3 months decrease from 1e18 to 0.5e18, impacting Alice's rewards negatively.
Instead, Alice staked 3 months and get 0.5e18 VVV Token, but due to the change in calculateAccruedVvvAmount, Alice get's rewards in 2 months.

Another example scenario:

1) Alice has been staking for 3 months, resulting in `durationToMultiplier[_stake.stakeDuration]` being set at 10,000.
2) During the 2nd month of Alice's staking period, the admin adjusts `durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.ThreeMonths]` to 20,000.
3) Bob enters the staking platform after the multiplier change has been implemented.
4) Due to the multiplier increase, Alice receives higher rewards for her previous staking activities.
5) This situation may lead to dissatisfaction among users like Bob, who might perceive the disparity as unfair.
6) The increased minting of tokens for both Alice and Bob can contribute to an inflated value of $VVV tokens, which may lead to an undesirable market perception of the token's value.

## Impact
Unfair amount of rewards distributed to both early and future stakers due to the accounting of multiplier. This potentially can cause $VVV to be undesirable.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L269

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L236-L238

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L264-L271

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ensure that future changes in multiplier doesn't affect the previous staker's reward calculation. 