Skinny Opal Jaguar

high

# Changing ethToVvvExchangeRate() or durationToMultiplier will cause users to get unexpectedly more/less VVV.

## Summary
The VVV that users can receive is not calculated when the user stakes, but will still be calculated after the stake is completed. When ethToVvvExchangeRate() or durationToMultiplier decreases, the total amount that users can receive decreases (including the part that has been staked). But [userVvvClaimed ](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/2d3540ab8f421055dba60d47e948e1cc55f0a0c7/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L250C46-L250C60)still hasn't changed, the user will get less VVV.

## Vulnerability Detail
Assume the following situation:
1. User A staked 100 ETH for 3 months. After 3 months, user A can obtain 100 ether of VVVToken, and user A has received VVV.
2. Then ethToVvvExchangeRate becomes 0.5 or durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.ThreeMonths] becomes 5000.
3. User A staked 100 ETH again for 3 months. After 3 months, the result of [calculateAccruedVvvAmount()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/2d3540ab8f421055dba60d47e948e1cc55f0a0c7/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L250C16-L250C43) is still 100ether, but because userVvvClaimed=100ether, user A cannot obtain any VVV from this stake.

PS: [The documentation clearly mentions that ethToVvvExchangeRate may change](https://hackmd.io/@vvv-knowledge/Syme5HlRT#Accrued-VVV-calculation), and it is also possible to set durationToMultiplier through the setDurationMultipliers function.

In the same way, if ethToVvvExchangeRate() or durationToMultiplier is increased, users will get unexpected VVV.

## Impact
Changing ethToVvvExchangeRate() or durationToMultiplier will cause users to get unexpectedly more/less VVV.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
            nominalAccruedEth = (secondsStaked * _stake.stakedEthAmount) / stakeDuration;

            accruedVvv =
                (nominalAccruedEth * ethToVvvExchangeRate() * durationToMultiplier[_stake.stakeDuration]) /
                DENOMINATOR;
        }

        return accruedVvv;
    }

    /**
        @notice Returns the remaining claimable amount of $VVV
        @dev where claimable = accrued - claimed
        @return $VVV claimable
     */
    function calculateClaimableVvvAmount() public view returns (uint256) {
        return calculateAccruedVvvAmount() - userVvvClaimed[msg.sender];
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to separately calculate the amount of VVV that users can receive in each cycle.