Swift Saffron Snake

medium

# DoS on `calculateAccruedVvvAmount` for addresses with lots of stakes

## Summary

The function `calculateAccruedVvvAmount` is in charge of calculating the total amount accrued of `VVV` tokens. It loops over all the stakes that the address has (active and expired), and it calculates the total accrued tokens since that address started staking. 

When an address has a huge amount of stakes (i.e., a smart contract interacting with `VVVETHStaking`), it will arrive at a point where that address cannot claim tokens because the transaction will run out of gas. 

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `calculateAccruedVvvAmount` calculates all the accrued `VVV` tokens by looping through all the user's stakes:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L201-L214
```solidity
function calculateAccruedVvvAmount() public view returns (uint256) {
    uint256[] memory stakeIds = _userStakeIds[msg.sender];
    if (stakeIds.length == 0) return 0;

    uint256 totalVvvAccrued;
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < stakeIds.length; ++i) {
        StakeData memory stake = userStakes[msg.sender][stakeIds[i]];
        unchecked {
            totalVvvAccrued += calculateAccruedVvvAmount(stake);
        }
    }

    return totalVvvAccrued;
}
```

And the function above is called from `calculateClaimableVvvAmount`, which is called from `claimVvv`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L186
```solidity
    function claimVvv(uint256 _vvvAmount) external {
        if (_vvvAmount == 0) revert CantClaimZeroVvv();

>>>     uint256 claimableVvv = calculateClaimableVvvAmount();
        if (_vvvAmount > claimableVvv) revert InsufficientClaimableVvv();

        userVvvClaimed[msg.sender] += _vvvAmount;

        vvvToken.safeTransfer(msg.sender, _vvvAmount);

        emit VvvClaim(msg.sender, _vvvAmount);
    }
```

All IDs of the user's stakes (old and active), will be stored at the `_userStakeIds[user]` array. A new entry in the array will be created every time a user stakes some amount of ETH, and the old stakes won't be removed from the array. 

When some time passes, there are going to be users with a huge amount of stakes (probably smart contracts), that won't be able to claim more `VVV` tokens because the function `calculateAccruedVvvAmount` will run out of gas due to the huge array. 

## Impact

Addresses with tons of stakes won't be able to claim the accrued `VVV` tokens because the function `calculateAccruedVvvAmount` will run out of gas due to the huge array. 

## Code Snippet

Function `calculateAccruedVvvAmount`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L201-L214

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this issue is recommended to implement a cleanup mechanism that removes the data from the old stakes that have already been claimed and withdrawn. It may be challenging to add this feature with the current architecture of the smart contract, but it's critical to solve this issue to avoid future complications. 
