Best Mauve Tiger

medium

# Unbounded gas usage while claiming VVV tokens from stake

## Summary

The claiming process loops over all previous stakes to calculate the final amount of tokens to be claimed. Unbounded iteration entails unbounded gas usage that could lead to an accidental denial of service and a potential lock of funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

To process claims, the implementation of VVVETHStaking calculates the claimable amount of each stake the user has made, and then subtract the amount he has already claimed to produce the final amount of claimable tokens.

```solidity
function calculateClaimableVvvAmount() public view returns (uint256) {
    return calculateAccruedVvvAmount() - userVvvClaimed[msg.sender];
}

function calculateAccruedVvvAmount() public view returns (uint256) {
    uint256[] memory stakeIds = _userStakeIds[msg.sender];
    if (stakeIds.length == 0) return 0;

    uint256 totalVvvAccrued;
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < stakeIds.length; ++i) {
        StakeData memory stake = userStakes[msg.sender][stakeIds[i]];
        unchecked {
            totalVvvAccrued += calculateAccruedVvvAmount(stake);
        }
    }

    return totalVvvAccrued;
}
```

Every time the user wants to claim their tokens, it will traverse the full array of `_userStakesId` to calculate how many tokens have been accrued for each of the stakes the user has made.

As the user continues to deposit in the contract, this array will grow in size and could eventually cause a denial of service due to the required gas to compute all the stakes when fully traversing the array.

## Impact

If `_userStakesId` grows enough, the user could be blocked from claiming their share of VVV tokens, leading to a potential lock of funds.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L206-L211

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Have an internal checkpointing functionality that indicates the position in the array of stakes that have been fully realized (stakes that have been ended and are considered fully matured). Additionally, when claiming, let the user specify the number of positions to process so computation can be bounded, and checkpointing could be eventually done incrementally if needed.
