Magic Alabaster Anteater

medium

# There is no incentive for using staking periods longer than 3 months.

## Summary

There is no incentive for using staking periods longer than 3 months.

## Vulnerability Detail

With current set up in constructor there is no incentive to use staking periods different than 3 months.

```javascript
constructor(
        address _authorizationRegistryAddress
    ) VVVAuthorizationRegistryChecker(_authorizationRegistryAddress) {
        durationToSeconds[StakingDuration.ThreeMonths] = 90 days;
        durationToSeconds[StakingDuration.SixMonths] = 180 days;
        durationToSeconds[StakingDuration.OneYear] = 360 days;

        durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.ThreeMonths] = 10_000;
        durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.SixMonths] = 15_000;
        durationToMultiplier[StakingDuration.OneYear] = 30_000;
    }
```

If user decides to stake for 3 mothns his stake will be multiplied by `10000` (for one ether he will receive 1 token). When he decides to stake for six months his stake will be multiplied by `15000` (for 1 ether the user will receive 1,5 tokens).

There is no incentive to use 6 month and one year staking periods because:

Instead of staking for six months earning `1,5` tokens, user could stake for 3 months and later restake for another 3 months. At the end he will earn `2` tokens insted of `1,5`. Also, it offers more flexibility as user does not have to freeze his tokens for six months. Same with one year staking period. Instead of earning `3` tokens after one year, user can restake his ether 4 times for 3 months. It will generate `4` tokens instead of `3` offering more flexibility for user.

## Impact

Users which use 6 months or one year staking period will not receive as many tokens as users which restake their ether every 3 months. There should be an incentive to stake ether for longer periods. Currently, staking for 3 months generates the highest yield.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L107-L117

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Change multipliers for each staking period. They should reward appropriately to the duration of staking.
