Digital Lemonade Swan

medium

# Possible Dos while calling claimVvv function

## Summary
Possible Dos while calling `claimVvv`.

## Vulnerability Detail

When users `stakeEth` or `restakeEth`, a unique stake ID is generated and stored in an array for each user. With continuous usage, users may accumulate a significant number of stake IDs in their array Over Time. It's crucial to understand that each time a user attempts to `claimVvv` tokens, the gas cost per transaction rises due to the loop operation on all stakeIds. Ethereum's gas limit per transaction stands at 21000 gwei, and any transaction exceeding this limit will fail.

User A calls `claimVvv` after staking once 
usser A calls `claimVvv` after staking twice.

The gas fee used when user A calls `claimVvv` after staking once would be lesser than when he calls `claimVvv` after stacking twice, the gas fee continues to only increase.

## Impact
Accumulation of stake IDs in a user's array could lead to permanent inability to claimVvv tokens, as transactions may exceed the gas limit.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L301

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L183

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L206

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I strongly advocate for implementing a system where vvv tokens are claimed based on `stakeID`  and  the corresponding stake ID is deleted from the array for each user.
