Winning Licorice Mink

high

# Changing Multiplier Produces Free Yield for Past Stakers.

## Summary

When `setDurationMultipliers` is called it will either increase or decrease a current  multiplier. When this happens two things can occur both of which impact how much a user is able to claim.  

## Vulnerability Detail

**- Increasing the multiplier**

If the multiplier is increased it will increase the `accruedVvv` and consequently the returned value of the `calculateAccruedVvvAmount` function. which is then applied to `totalVvvAccrued`. 

```solidity
accruedVvv =
                (nominalAccruedEth * ethToVvvExchangeRate() * durationToMultiplier[_stake.stakeDuration]) /
                DENOMINATOR;
```
This will affect all stakes both past and present. The issue with this is that old stakes have already been 100% claimed, but because there old stakes do not get deleted they will generate yield in the form of vVv tokens even though the ETH for that stake had already been withdrawn. 

**- Decreasing the multiplier**

When the multiplier is decreased claiming can be bricked. as `durationToMultiplier` for the stake is decreased it will result than a smaller then previously calculated  `accruedVvv`. This can lead to a DOS because the amount a user can claim is determined by taking the difference between `totalVvvAccrued` and `userVvvClaimed[msg.sender]` which will underflow as `totalVvvAccrued` is less than `userVvvClaimed[msg.sender]`. 

Both of these situations are possible because `userVvvClaimed` is calculated using dynamic variables such as ` durationToMultiplier[_stake.stakeDuration]`. While `userVvvClaimed[msg.sender]` is only updated when additional claims are made. 

This means that any time the `setDurationMultipliers` function is called user will get free vVv tokens for all past stakes that were staked for the increased. duration. Or will be unable to claim their yield in the case that the `setDurationMultipliers` is called and decreases the duration for the past stakes. 

Although this does hinge on admin action, the action is neither malicious or incorrect. It is highly likely at some point(s) in the protocols tenure that it will adjust the multiplier for the staking periods. And when it does it will 100% impact users. 


As an example of a free vVv being claimed:

Alice stakes 1 ETH for 90 days
90 days pass and Alice claims 1e18 of vVv token and withdraws the 1e18 of ETH. 
20 days later the `durationToMultiplier` is increased from its original 10_000 to 20_000. 
Alice calls the `claim` function again and `calculateAccruedVvvAmount` returns 2e18.
The `userVvvClaimed[msg.sender]` is already 1e18 from the previous claim. 
Meaning her current claimable amount is `2e18 - 1e18 = 1e18`.
After the increase to the multiplier Alice is able to claim additional yield on a a stake that has already completed and been withdrawn. 

## Impact
Freezing of unclaimed yield.
Theft of protocol yield.

Likelihood: Medium
Impact: High 
Severity: High

## Code Snippet

On line 237 of VVVEthStaking.sol you will see how the modified multiplier impacts the calculation.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L237


On line 250 of VVVEthStaking.sol you will see how the the inaccurate return value from `calculateAccruedVvvAmount` will lead to the wrong amount of vVv tokens being claimed.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L250


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a `stakedMultiplier` variable to the `StakeData` struct and use that instead of `durationToMultiplier[_stake.stakeDuration]` when calculating the `accruedVvv`. This will allow you to change the multiplier without impacting past/existing stakes. 
