Sweet Inky Pangolin

high

# VVVETHStaking.sol#L201-L215 : `calculateAccruedVvvAmount` could revert due to out of gas when the `stakeIds` array is too large

## Summary
The function `calculateAccruedVvvAmount()` travers the `stakeIds` array and calculates uint256 `totalVvvAccrued`. When the `stakeIds` array is large, calling this function could revert due to out of gas.

## Vulnerability Detail
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L201-L215

The function `calculateAccruedVvvAmount()` travers the `stakeIds` array and calculates uint256 `totalVvvAccrued`. When the `stakeIds` array is large, calling this function could revert due to out of gas.

In each loop iteration, the another function `calculateAccruedVvvAmount(stake)` is executed and it performs math operations, this could be gas costly and could revert when `stakeIds` size is large.

If a malicious user want to DoS the contract, he can do it by just staking the minimum amount (`1 wei`) enough times, so the 
`stakeIds` array to become very large and to revert due to out of gas.

## Impact
This affect the functions wherever the `calculateAccruedVvvAmount()` is called. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L249-L251

`claimVvv` calls `calculateClaimableVvvAmount` which calls `calculateAccruedVvvAmount()`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L183-L194

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L201-L215

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Put cap on number of `stakeIds` array size. Do operation based on upto certain index and then do for others. Do not use for full length of array in single shot.
