Modern Raspberry Ape

medium

# User rewards might get stuck if `stakeIds` array becomes too big

## Summary

When users stake ETH via the `VVVETHStaking.sol` contract, they are entitled to `VVV` token rewards based on the size of their stake and stake duration. Users are allowed to stake as many times as they want while staking is live and can claim their accumulated `VVV` token rewards at any time for the period that have passed.

Claiming of `VVV` token rewards is done by calling `claimVVV()` function, which internally makes a call to `calculateAccruedVvvAmount()`. The latter loops through the array `stakeIds` and calculates the current `VVV` token rewards to be distributed for each individual stake. The amounts are added in a single `totalVvvAccrued` variable which is then used within the `claimVVV()` function to transfer the accumulated rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability can be found within the claiming process and the lack of option to pass specific `ids` for which to claim rewards. If a user has been using the protocol for a while and have accumulated multiple stakes the `claimVVV` function could reach the block gas limit while looping through all `stakeIds` and calculating the accrued VVV rewards. This issue becomes worse due to the fact that the `stakeIds` array is never cleared (fully claimed rewards for a specific stake id is not removed from the array), meaning that the loop goes through old stakes where the rewards were already fully claimed. And to top it off there is no way to rescue stuck funds in the contract, so the `VVV` tokens that can't be claimed will forever be locked inside the `VVVETHStaking.sol` contract.

## Impact

User rewards would get stuck in the contract and can never be recovered.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L183-L194

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Allow users to pass an array of `ids` to the `claimVVV()` function as follows:

```solidity
function claimVvv(uint256 _vvvAmount, uint256[] calldata _ids) external {
        if (_vvvAmount == 0) revert CantClaimZeroVvv();

        uint256 claimableVvv = calculateClaimableVvvAmount(_ids);
        if (_vvvAmount > claimableVvv) revert InsufficientClaimableVvv();

        userVvvClaimed[msg.sender] += _vvvAmount;

        vvvToken.safeTransfer(msg.sender, _vvvAmount);

        emit VvvClaim(msg.sender, _vvvAmount);
    }
```

```solidity
    function calculateClaimableVvvAmount(uint256[] memory _ids) public view returns (uint256) {
        return calculateAccruedVvvAmount(_ids) - userVvvClaimed[msg.sender];
    }

```

```solidity

    function calculateAccruedVvvAmount(uint256[] memory _stakeIds) public view returns (uint256) {
        if (stakeIds.length == 0) return 0;

        uint256 totalVvvAccrued;
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < stakeIds.length; ++i) {
            StakeData memory stake = userStakes[msg.sender][stakeIds[i]];
            unchecked {
                totalVvvAccrued += calculateAccruedVvvAmount(stake);
            }
        }

        return totalVvvAccrued;
    }

```
