Shiny Sable Dog

medium

# Inside the VVVETHStaking contract, the reward system can be broken if the  `durationToMultiplier` is called.

## Summary
The `VVVETHStaking.sol` contract contains an important logic error when calculating claimable tokens in exchange for staking ETH. This error will be explained in this report by changing the `durationToMultiplier` array values, but as previously agreed with the sponsor, this method is just a proxy to address the problems that could possibly arise in the future due to a change in the ratio between the VVV token and ETH (Which is currently hardcoded to 1).

## Vulnerability Detail
The root of the issue is the fact that the function `calculateClaimableVvvAmount` uses the number of previously claimed VVV tokens to calculate the amount that is currently claimable. No problem will arise as long as the ratio does not change, however, calling the function `setDurationMultipliers` could bring up different complications depending on whether the ratio becomes higher or lower.

### Ratio goes up (More VVV tokens can be generated with the same amount of staked ETH).
 In this case, by increasing the ratio and keeping the same amount of VVV tokens already claimed by users, it is possible that users who are no longer staking ETH will be able to claim a great amount of VVV tokens that should not belong to them. 

This is due to the fact that, when subtracting already claimed VVV tokens, already claimed `stakeId` are not eliminated form the array (Because in theory the result would be the same number that will be subtracted when the `calculateClaimableVvvAmount` function is called). However, when the ratio goes up, these old `stakeId` would amount to a greater number than in the past when using the new values, and as a result, ratios going up would have retroactive effects, which is not something we intend.

### Ratio goes down (Less VVV tokens can be generated with the same amount of staked ETH)
In this case, less tokens would be generated (As intended), but users who have already claimed tokens in the past will find that tokens generated with the old ratio which would not have been generated with the current one will be taken into account by future reclamations. For example, if in year one you could generate 1000 VVV tokens by staking 1 ETH, and in year two you could generate 500 VVV tokens by staking 1 ETH, users that claim the first year's 1000 VVV tokens before the ratio goes down will face the fact that, when trying to claim the second year's 500 VVV tokens, the equation for claimable tokens will be `500(Current amount of yearly generated tokens) * 2(Years passed) - 1000(Already claimed tokens) = 0(Claimable tokens)` **(Simplified calculations)**. Because of this issue and the fact that users cannot unstake their ETH before the agreed time, many would end up being unable to claim any tokens nor withdraw their ETH, which would be a harmful situation.

## Impact
I would consider it's impact to be medium due to various reasons. 

Ideally, according to the information provided by the sponsor, there would be no changes in the contract's ratio except for specific cases, making the possibility of this happening very low. However, if the ratio were to be updated, either by increasing or decreasing it, this would be **very harmful** for the protocol (Especially with a smaller ratio). 

### Greater ratio scenario
Inflation will grow much faster than originally planned, and both current users and even users who are no longer supporting the project would be able to claim an unintendedly amount of tokens, creating the possibility of these holders dumping them into a secondary market, decreasing price and discouraging future investors as a consequence.

### Smaller ratio scenario
Many users would realize that their staked ETH is not generating any token while also being unable to unstake before the agreed time. Due to this, general trust in the staking proyect would plummet, causing current users to withdraw their ETH as soon as possible and to not invest in the proyect anymore, also discouraging future investors.

## Proof Of Concept
The following test should demonstrate the issue. Use it inside `VVVETHStaking.unit.t.sol`
```c
function testClaimVvvWhenLowerRatios() public {
        vm.startPrank(sampleUser, sampleUser);
        uint256 stakeEthAmount = 1 ether;
        EthStakingInstance.stakeEth{ value: stakeEthAmount }(VVVETHStaking.StakingDuration.ThreeMonths);

        // forward to first timestamp with released stake
        advanceBlockNumberAndTimestampInSeconds(
            EthStakingInstance.durationToSeconds(VVVETHStaking.StakingDuration.ThreeMonths) + 1
        );

        uint256 claimableVvv = EthStakingInstance.calculateClaimableVvvAmount();

        uint256 vvvBalanceBefore = VvvTokenInstance.balanceOf(sampleUser);

        EthStakingInstance.claimVvv(claimableVvv);
        uint256 vvvBalanceAfter = VvvTokenInstance.balanceOf(sampleUser);

        uint256 expectedClaimedVvv = (stakeEthAmount *
            EthStakingInstance.ethToVvvExchangeRate() *
            EthStakingInstance.durationToMultiplier(VVVETHStaking.StakingDuration.ThreeMonths)) /
            EthStakingInstance.DENOMINATOR();

        assertTrue(vvvBalanceAfter == vvvBalanceBefore + expectedClaimedVvv);

        //admin changes the durationToMultiplier array (simulating a x0.5 on ratio)
        vm.startPrank(ethStakingManager, ethStakingManager);
        VVVETHStaking.StakingDuration[] memory durations = new VVVETHStaking.StakingDuration[](3);
        durations[0] = VVVETHStaking.StakingDuration.ThreeMonths;
        durations[1] = VVVETHStaking.StakingDuration.SixMonths;
        durations[2] = VVVETHStaking.StakingDuration.OneYear;

        uint256[] memory multipliers = new uint256[](3);
        multipliers[0] = 5_000;
        multipliers[1] = 7_500;
        multipliers[2] = 15_000;

        EthStakingInstance.setDurationMultipliers(durations, multipliers);
        vm.stopPrank();


        // make a second stake knowing the new ratio
        vm.startPrank(sampleUser, sampleUser);
        stakeEthAmount = 1 ether;
        EthStakingInstance.stakeEth{ value: stakeEthAmount }(VVVETHStaking.StakingDuration.ThreeMonths);
        
        // time passes with the new ratio.
        advanceBlockNumberAndTimestampInSeconds(
            EthStakingInstance.durationToSeconds(VVVETHStaking.StakingDuration.ThreeMonths) + 1
        );

        // user tries to withdraw the accrued vvv of the new stake, the transaction reverts due to claimableVvv being zero.
        claimableVvv = EthStakingInstance.calculateClaimableVvvAmount();
        vm.expectRevert();
        EthStakingInstance.claimVvv(claimableVvv);
        vm.stopPrank();
    }
```

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L250

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

This is a little tricky. If we base ourselves around the changes to the multiplicators array, the most convenient solution would be to block new stakes and deploy a new contract with the updated ratios. However, if a change in the `ethToVvvExchangeRate` function were to be likely, the following can be implemented as a solution: `userVvvClaimed` mapping should not only store how many VVV have been claimed, but also the ratio at with which they were generated. This way the function `calculateClaimableVvvAmount` would be able to take into account the ratio change and make the according changes to work correctly.