Jovial Lilac Carp

high

# User funds can be lost if vests are removed before withdrawn

## Summary
If user's vest schedule is removed by an admin in [`removeVestingSchedule`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/vesting/VVVVesting.sol#L365) and user has not withdrawn the vests beforehand, the values in the vest will be lost.

## Vulnerability Detail
`removeVestingSchedule` does a simple task and deletes an entry from user's vesting schedules:

```solidity
    function removeVestingSchedule(
        address _vestedUser,
        uint256 _vestingScheduleIndex
    ) external onlyAuthorized {
        delete userVestingSchedules[_vestedUser][_vestingScheduleIndex];
        emit RemoveVestingSchedule(_vestedUser, _vestingScheduleIndex);
    }
```

The `delete` clause will clear out all data in the index while not affecting the length of the list. This makes the values of deleted index to be in default value, for integers, it will be 0. In the case of this deleted vesting schedule is not withdrawn entirely by the user, this will cause all the values to be reset to 0. And all the unclaimed accrued interests will also be lost.

For example, Bob vests 10e18 VVVTokens in the vesting contract, without remembering he didn't withdraw the vest and asks the admin to remove the vest for him. Admin proceeds and calls `removeVestingSchedule`, and all Bob's vesting data is gone. Despite `removeVestingSchedule` is strictly access-controlled and trusted, no warning is provided when an unclaimed vest is about to be deleted.


## Impact
If an user's unclaimed vesting schedule is removed, all unclaimed interests and principle tokens will be lost forever.


## Code Snippet
```solidity
    function removeVestingSchedule(
        address _vestedUser,
        uint256 _vestingScheduleIndex
    ) external onlyAuthorized {
        delete userVestingSchedules[_vestedUser][_vestingScheduleIndex];
        emit RemoveVestingSchedule(_vestedUser, _vestingScheduleIndex);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check for to-be-removed vests, and if they are not entirely claimed, reverts or force transfer all tokens to the vest owner.
