Alert Graphite Nightingale

medium

# Loss of vested amounts when the admin decides to delete the vesting schedule of the user

## Summary

When an admin deletes the mapping of the user's vesting schedule, the user will not get their already vested tokens. 

## Vulnerability Detail

Vesting schedules is set by the admin for the users. Usually, the users have already paid their due sum and that's why they are awarded the tokens through a vesting curve. 

The admin is capable of deleting the user's vesting schedule:

```solidity
    function removeVestingSchedule(
        address _vestedUser,
        uint256 _vestingScheduleIndex
    ) external onlyAuthorized {
>       delete userVestingSchedules[_vestedUser][_vestingScheduleIndex];
        emit RemoveVestingSchedule(_vestedUser, _vestingScheduleIndex);
    }
```

If the `userVestingSchedules` mapping is deleted, the user will not be able to get any vesting amount

```solidity
    function getVestedAmount(
        address _vestedUser,
        uint256 _vestingScheduleIndex
    ) public view returns (uint256) {
        VestingSchedule storage vestingSchedule = userVestingSchedules[_vestedUser][_vestingScheduleIndex];


        if (
            block.timestamp < vestingSchedule.scheduleStartTime ||
>           vestingSchedule.scheduleStartTime == 0 ||
            userVestingSchedules[_vestedUser].length == 0
        ) {
>           return 0;
```

For example, Alice has a vest of 1000 vVv tokens, and she is 1 year into the vesting and can claim about 700 tokens but she doesn't claim her tokens yet, (`_tokensToVestAtStart` is 500 and some intervals has passed). The admin decides to delete her mapping. Alice could have withdrawn 700 tokens, but now Alice is left with 0 tokens.

On the contrary, if this is intended outcome that users are not supposed to get any their claimable tokens back when admin deletes the mapping, then users can potentially frontrun the admin and get their tokens, which raises the issue of unfairness. 

## Impact

User's vested tokens is effectively taken away by the admin. Impact: High, Likelihood: Low.

Tokens that have been sent into the VVVVesting contract to reward the user's vesting schedule will be stuck in the contract.

Similar issue reported in [H-01] of VTVL contest: https://code4rena.com/reports/2022-09-vtvl#h-01-loss-of-vested-amounts

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/vesting/VVVVesting.sol#L364-L371

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Ensure that users can claim their revoked tokens when the vesting schedule is deleted. 
