Winning Licorice Mink

medium

# Staking Contract can be Drained of Reward Token

## Summary

Because `stakeStartTimestamp` is casted to a uint32 and claiming is based on `block.timestamp` eventually an attacker will be able to repeatedly stake and restake until they are entitled to all the vVv tokens and then call claim to drain the contract. 

## Vulnerability Detail

`stakeStartTimestamp` stores the time when the stake was initially set. This value is casted to a uint32. In regards to `block.timestamp`, uint32 is a roughly 80 years in the future. When `block.timestamp` is greater than uint32 the value will be casted down to the maximum value that uint32 can hold. 

The issue with this is that it will set the users `stakeStartTimestamp` to a time in the past, meaning that they will be able to 100% claim their rewards instantly. 

The attacker would do the following in a single transaction:

- Call `stakeEth`  and stake X amount of eth. 
- Then repeatedly call the  `restakeEth`. This will be allowed because `stakeStartTimestamp` will be set the max of uint32 which for the sake of this example was 90 days ago. 
- Once the attacker has enough staked positions the will call `claim` to drain the contract of the vVv tokens. 

In one transaction the attacker can make it appear as if they have 100's of staked positions that are due for 100% of the claimable amount on each one. 

The following check would not prevent this attack as `_stake.stakeStartTimestamp` would be set to a value 90 days less than `block.timestamp`. Due to the time of the attack taking place 90 days after the maximum of uint32. 
```solidity
if (block.timestamp < _stake.stakeStartTimestamp + durationToSeconds[_stake.stakeDuration]) {
            revert CantWithdrawBeforeStakeDuration();
 }
 
 if (1090 days < 1000 days + 90 days) {
            revert CantWithdrawBeforeStakeDuration();
 }
```


There have been instances even recently of exploits and vulnerabilities surrounding the down casting of block.timestamp accepted. Given the severity and context of this vulnerability I do believe this is another valid finding. 

## Impact
Theft of all vVv tokens. 

Likelihood: Low (inevitable, but off in the future)
Impact: High
Severity: Medium

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L296
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Increase the `stakeStartTimestamp` to uint64 instead. 