Rare Boysenberry Pheasant

medium

# Mutable $VVV Token Address

## Summary
The current implementation of the claim mechanism within a staking contract allows for the dynamic setting of the $VVV token address through the `setVvvToken` function, accessible only to authorized users. This design introduces a vulnerability, where an authorized user could potentially alter the $VVV token address to that of a worthless token immediately before users attempt to claim their rewards. Such an action could result in users receiving an asset of no value, undermining the integrity of the staking and reward system.


## Vulnerability Detail
The claimVvv function enables users to claim their accrued $VVV tokens as rewards for staking. However, the address of the $VVV token contract can be altered at any time by an authorized user via the `setVvvToken` function. This mutable design poses a significant security risk, as it allows for the possibility of the $VVV token address being pointed to a different, potentially valueless, token contract without the knowledge or consent of the stakeholders. Consequently, this can lead to the loss of genuine rewards and a breach of trust within the ecosystem.


## Impact
* Loss of Trust: The ability to change the $VVV token contract address at will can severely damage the credibility and trustworthiness of the staking platform among its users.

* Financial Loss: Users risk claiming tokens that have no value if the $VVV token address is maliciously or mistakenly altered, resulting in a direct financial loss.

* Manipulation and Abuse: This vulnerability opens a window for manipulation and abuse by insiders or attackers who gain unauthorized control, potentially leading to the siphoning off of valuable rewards.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function setVvvToken(address _vvvTokenAddress) external onlyAuthorized {
    vvvToken = IERC20(_vvvTokenAddress);
}
```
[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L278C1-L281C6)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this risk and enhance the security and integrity of the token claiming process, the address of the $VVV token should be set once upon contract deployment and made immutable, preventing any possibility of alteration post-deployment. This can be achieved by setting the $VVV token address in the constructor of the contract and removing the `setVvvToken` function.

