Savory Ivory Wallaby

medium

# Admin Can Set Unfavorable Duration Multipliers for Users

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L263-L271
## Summary
The setDurationMultipliers function allows an admin to set duration multipliers for different staking durations. However, there is a vulnerability that can lead to unfavorable multipliers, potentially disadvantaging users.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability arises from the following aspects of the function:

Admin Control: The function is accessible only to authorized admins.
No Constraints on Multipliers:
The function allows admins to set arbitrary multipliers for each staking duration.
There are no checks to ensure that the multipliers are fair or beneficial to users.
Admins can intentionally set unfavorable multipliers, affecting users’ rewards.
Also users that have staked eth  based on previous multiplier have their rewards affected due to sudden change in multipliers.
## Impact
The impact of this bug includes:

Unfair Rewards: Admins can manipulate the multipliers to favor certain durations over others, leading to unequal rewards for users.
Economic Disadvantage: Users may unknowingly stake based on unfavorable multipliers, resulting in suboptimal returns.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
    ///@notice sets the duration multipliers for a duration enum entry
    function setDurationMultipliers(
        StakingDuration[] memory _duration,
        uint256[] memory _multipliers
    ) external onlyAuthorized {
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < _duration.length; ++i) {
            durationToMultiplier[_duration[i]] = _multipliers[i];
        }
    }
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this issue:
Implement constraints on the multipliers:
Set reasonable bounds (e.g., minimum and maximum multipliers) to prevent extreme values.
Consider using a formula that ensures proportional rewards across different durations.
Consider involving governance or community voting to determine multipliers transparently.
Time bounds can also be implemented to set a buffer period for setting new multipliers.