Tame Olive Crane

medium

# Unbounded Array Cause Gas Limit DoS on VVVETHStaking::calculateAccruedVvvAmount()

## Summary

`VVVETHStaking::calculateAccruedVvvAmount()` functions to collect VVV token rewards from each user's `stakeId`. This function ends up running a for loop over an unbounded array, `_userStakeIds`. This array can made to be sufficiently large to exceed the block gas limit and cause out-of-gas errors and stop the processing of any claim VVV rewards token. 

## Vulnerability Detail

When the user performs stacking with `stakeEth` or `restakeEth` functions then forwarded with [_stakeEth](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L289-L310). Then each `stakeId` that the user has is mapped to the `_userStakeIds` array.

```solidity
        _userStakeIds[msg.sender].push(stakeId);
```

Then when the user wants to claim VVV token rewards, he calls [claimVvv](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L180-L194) function. To calculate all available rewards for the user, the function `calculateClaimableVvvAmount` --> `calculateAccruedVvvAmount` is called. 

```solidity
    function calculateAccruedVvvAmount() public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256[] memory stakeIds = _userStakeIds[msg.sender];
        if (stakeIds.length == 0) return 0;

        uint256 totalVvvAccrued;
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < stakeIds.length; ++i) {
            StakeData memory stake = userStakes[msg.sender][stakeIds[i]];
            unchecked {
                totalVvvAccrued += calculateAccruedVvvAmount(stake);
            }
        }

        return totalVvvAccrued;
    }
```

The main problem is, `_userStakeIds` is an array that can only grow and has no upper limit. This loop is running over the list of ALL `stakeIds`. This can result in a very long list, causing out-of-gas errors when making claim VVV token rewards. 

## Impact

Inability to claim VVV token rewards and reward forever locked on the contract. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L202

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

Consider put a bound on the function `_stakeEth` to limit the number of stake allowed.