Polite Pineapple Raven

medium

# `VVVETHStaking::claimVvv` could result in DOS

## Summary

`VVVETHStaking::claimVvv` is used for Claims $VVV for a user depend upon their staked eth in the contract. Due to large number of stakes the [calculateAccruedVvvAmount()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L201) will run of gas can and claim won't work for user

## Vulnerability Detail
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L183 `claimVvv` caculate the `claimableVvv` by iterating on every stake done by user from the starting point. So if user have done 100 stakes and claimed VVV for 50 stakes even then [calculateAccruedVvvAmount()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L201) will iterate from start to get the overall claimable amount and subtracting the `userVvvClaimed[user]` balance to output the amount can be claimed.

High number of claims could result in DOS of the `calculateAccruedVvvAmount` which will break the claiming VVV for the user.
From the design of the protocol it intends to integrate other defi protocols for staking in `VVVETHStaking` and expand supply of  `VVV` tokens 

**Attack Scenerio**
Suppose a defi protocol integrates with this contract to give opportunity to their users to avail the benefit of VVV tokens with some compounded yield strategies. 
Generally protocol allows to stake every one since it's what they are build for. If users even spammed with 1 wei amounts, array size will grow and we saw already  that it iterate from the first stake to the latest one, will result in out of gas.

After going through the Sherlock Judging rules i found that it's valid medium 
> Out of Gas: Issues that result in Out of Gas errors either by the malicious user filling up the arrays or there is a practical call flow that results in OOG can be considered a valid medium or in cases of blocking all user funds forever maybe a valid high

The core of issue is that current implementation iterate from the 1st stake and then decrease the `userVvvClaimed[user]` to compute the amount can be claimed. it same as first adding the same thing by spending gas and then subtracting to reach at same value.



## Impact
DOS 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L201
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There can be multiple ways to prevent this
1. Add a option to claim VVV by stake wise. i.e user can claim VVV for a particular stake
or
2. track the last index for which VVV is already claimed so if there is 1000 stakes and user has already claimed till 551 then next he will start with 552th staked position.