Tricky Vinyl Squirrel

medium

# Exchange Rate value for claiming vvv tokens should not be hardcoded

## Summary
The protocol offers 1:1 exchange rate for the amount of ETH staked & vvv token earned by staking it for a fixed period of time (3 months, 6 months or a year). The longer the duration, greater is the amount of tokens earned.

## Vulnerability Detail
The exchange rate has been hardcoded which can be seen in `ethToVvvExchangeRate()`.

```solidity
File: VVVETHStaking.sol

    ///@notice Returns the exchange rate of ETH to $VVV for staking reward accrual
    function ethToVvvExchangeRate() public pure returns (uint256) {
        return 1;
    }
```
The above value is used in calculating the total amount of $VVV accrued by a single stake by a user.
```solidity
File: VVVETHStaking.sol
       
       function calculateAccruedVvvAmount(StakeData memory _stake) public view returns (uint256) {
       ...
        accruedVvv =
                (nominalAccruedEth * ethToVvvExchangeRate() * durationToMultiplier[_stake.stakeDuration]) /
                DENOMINATOR;
       ...
```
### Scenario 1
- Lets say the current price of ETH is $2000.
- Alice stakes 1 ETH for a duration of 3 months. 
- After 3 months, Alice claims her 1 vvv token. 
- Now the current price of ETH has become $1500.
- Bob stakes 1 ETH for a duration of 3 months.
- After 3 months, Bob claims his 1 vvv token.

Now because of this fixed exchange rate, even though both Alice & Bob staked the same amount for the same duration, their vvv tokens represent different value for each user. 

### Scenario 2
- Both Alice & Bob stake 1 ETH individually for a duration of three months.
- The price of vvv tokens falls by half during 3 months.
- When stake period is over, Alice & Bob claim their tokens which are now half the price.

Both Alice & Bob have suffered a huge loss in this case.

## Impact
Incase of significant change in price during the staked period, the users can suffer huge loss or great profit.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L254-L256

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do not use hardcoded value for the exchange rate.
