Savory Ivory Wallaby

high

# Unvetoed ETH Withdrawal by Admin

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L283-L287
## Summary
The withdrawEth function allows an admin to withdraw ETH from the protocol without proper safeguards. This vulnerability enables unauthorized access to user funds and undermines the security of the system.
## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability arises from the following aspects of the function:

Lack of Governance Control: The function lacks governance control or a controlling owner mechanism. As a result, an admin can unilaterally execute withdrawals without oversight.
Missing Maximum Withdrawal Limit: There is no maximum withdrawal limit set for the admin. Without such a limit, an admin could potentially drain the entire protocol balance.
Insufficient Checks:
The function does not verify whether the withdrawal amount is zero.
It also fails to check if the requested withdrawal amount is less than the protocol’s current balance
## Impact
The impact of this bug includes:

Unauthorized Fund Access: An admin can withdraw ETH without proper authorization, potentially compromising user funds.
Financial Loss: If an admin abuses this vulnerability, it could lead to significant financial losses for users.
Loss of Trust: Users may lose trust in the protocol if they perceive that admins can freely withdraw funds without proper controls.
## Code Snippet
```solidity
    ///@notice allows admin to withdraw ETH
    //no governance controllingowner withdrawal
    // there should bw max withdrawal for admin
    // doesn't check if the amount is zero and if amount is also less than protocol balance
    function withdrawEth(uint256 _amount) external onlyAuthorized {
        (bool success, ) = payable(msg.sender).call{ value: _amount }("");
        if (!success) revert WithdrawFailed();
    }
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this issue:

Governance Control: Implement a governance mechanism that requires multiple parties (e.g., multisig or voting) to approve withdrawals.
Maximum Withdrawal Limit: Set a reasonable maximum withdrawal limit for admins to prevent excessive withdrawals.
Check Amount and Balance: Add checks to ensure that the withdrawal amount is nonzero and does not exceed the protocol’s available balance.
