Rare Boysenberry Pheasant

medium

# Inaccurate Exchange Rate in `calculateAccruedVvvAmount` Function

## Summary
The Ethereum staking contract incorporates a function, `calculateAccruedVvvAmount`, designed to compute the total amount of $VVV tokens accrued for a given stake based on the amount of ETH staked, the staking duration, and an exchange rate between ETH and $VVV. A critical issue with this functionality is identified in the use of a constant, static exchange rate of 1:1 (ETH:VVV) defined in the `ethToVvvExchangeRate` function, which does not reflect market realities and could lead to significant discrepancies in rewards calculations.



## Vulnerability Detail
The `ethToVvvExchangeRate` function returns a hardcoded value of `1`, suggesting a `1:1` exchange rate between ETH and $VVV. This approach fails to account for the volatile nature of cryptocurrency values, where the exchange rate between two currencies can fluctuate widely within short periods. Relying on a static exchange rate for calculating staking rewards can result in inaccurate accrual of $VVV tokens, potentially disadvantaging users or the platform depending on market movements.



## Impact
The primary impact of this issue is twofold:

* Misrepresentation of Staking Rewards: Users might receive more or less $VVV than they are entitled to based on the current market value of ETH, leading to dissatisfaction, loss of trust, and potential financial disparities.

* Economic Imbalances: A static exchange rate could create scenarios where the platform either overpays or underpays rewards, impacting its economic sustainability. Overpayment may lead to inflationary pressures on $VVV, while underpayment could discourage participation in the staking program.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
///@notice Returns the exchange rate of ETH to $VVV for staking reward accrual
function ethToVvvExchangeRate() public pure returns (uint256) {
    return 1;
}
```

[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L254-L256)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this issue and align the staking rewards calculation with real-world dynamics, the following recommendation is  proposed:

* Dynamic Exchange Rate Integration: Replace the static exchange rate with a dynamic mechanism that fetches real-time exchange rates from a reliable cryptocurrency price oracle or liquidity pool. This ensures that the calculation of $VVV rewards is based on current market conditions.

