Acrobatic Clay Porcupine

medium

# Not checked `r` value on `VVVVesting::calculateVestedAmountAtInterval` can lead to incorrect calculation of vested amount at given interval

## Summary
Not checking if `r` doesn't equal `1` leads to a wrong calculation.

## Vulnerability Detail

Inside `calculateVestedAmountAtInterval` we pass parameter `_growthRateProportion`. This particular parameter is used to calculate the `r` of the geometric sum - the vested amount at a given interval.

```solidity
r = FixedPointMathLib.divWadDown(
    _growthRateProportion + FixedPointMathLib.WAD,
    FixedPointMathLib.WAD
);
```

This `r` variable is used to calculate `rToN` and then later `Sn` (sum of geometric sum). The math equation below represents how it works inside code:

$$S_{n}=\dfrac{a(1-r^{n})}{1-r}$$

As we can see if our `r` would be equal to `1` then denominator = `1-1 = 0`. We can't divide by zero. The function will revert.

This: [Proof Of Code](https://gist.github.com/jacsonikowy/41f4822ee9dc87f5d0f1161d688745aa) provides an example fuzz test to detect if `r` equals 1 (keep in mind that in code `1e18` is equal to `1` in a math equation, because we operate on this type of decimals).

Example test that reverts (I took values from the above fuzz test):

```solidity
function test_calculateVestedAmountAtInterval() public {
    uint256 value = VVVVestingInstance.calculateVestedAmountAtInterval(
        100 * 1e18,
        1963,
        49346305830950626
    );
}
```

## Impact

`calculateVestedAmountAtInterval` can revert. Due to this other functions like `withdrawVestedTokens` can also revert.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/2d3540ab8f421055dba60d47e948e1cc55f0a0c7/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/vesting/VVVVesting.sol#L273-L301

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation

One of the mitigations can be implemented inside the `setVestingSchedule` mechanism to correctly check if `growthRateProportion` would revert to `calculateVestedAmountAtInterval`.
Another thing admins can do before setting the vesting schedule is check if the given parameters would revert.