Mythical Ceramic Ape

medium

# Mitigating Unnecessary Gas Costs through Efficient Stake Management in VVVETHStaking Contract

## Summary
The identified issue relates to a potential inefficiency and performance drawback in the `VVVETHStaking::calculateAccruedVvvAmount()`. This function iterates over all stakes of a user, including those already withdrawn, to calculate accrued $VVV. Over time, as the number of stakes increases, this could significantly raise the gas costs for users, impacting usability and scalability.

## Vulnerability Detail
The core of the problem lies in the lack of distinction between active and withdrawn stakes within the iteration process. The contract stores an array of stake IDs for each user, with no separation between active and withdrawn stakes. Consequently, the `calculateAccruedVvvAmount()` function iterates through all stake IDs, including those marked as `withdrawn`, when calculating the total accrued $VVV. This approach leads to unnecessary computation, increasing the gas cost for the operation, especially for users who interact with the contract frequently over time.

## Impact
The impact of this inefficiency is multifaceted:

Increased Gas Costs: 
As the number of stakes (withdrawn and active) grows, the gas cost for calling `calculateAccruedVvvAmount()` will increase, directly impacting users by making these calls more expensive.
Degraded User Experience: 
Significant increases in transaction costs can deter users from engaging with the platform, especially those with a high number of interactions over time.
Scalability Issue: 
In the long term, this inefficiency could hinder the platform’s ability to scale efficiently, as it imposes an unnecessary burden on the blockchain and may act as a bottleneck as user numbers grow.
Economic Implications: 
Overly high gas costs might not only impact user participation but could also lead to economic imbalances within the platform, especially affecting those users who are more active or have been using the platform for a longer time.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L201-L214

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this issue, it is recommended to implement a mechanism that distinctly tracks active versus withdrawn stakes. A straightforward approach would be to skip over withdrawn stakes during the iteration. This can be achieved by adding a simple conditional check within the loop to continue to the next iteration if the stakeIsWithdrawn flag is true:

```javascript
function calculateAccruedVvvAmount() public view returns (uint256) {
    uint256[] memory stakeIds = _userStakeIds[msg.sender];
    if (stakeIds.length == 0) return 0;

    uint256 totalVvvAccrued;
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < stakeIds.length; ++i) {
        StakeData memory stake = userStakes[msg.sender][stakeIds[i]];
        if (stake.stakeIsWithdrawn) continue; // Skip over stakes that have been withdrawn
        unchecked {
            totalVvvAccrued += calculateAccruedVvvAmount(stake);
        }
    }

    return totalVvvAccrued;
}
```
For a more robust solution, consider maintaining separate lists for active and withdrawn stakes or implementing a flag within the stake data structure to indicate whether a stake is active. This approach not only streamlines the calculation process by iterating solely over relevant stakes but also provides a foundation for more sophisticated tracking and management of stake states in the future.

Given the potential for increased gas costs impacting user engagement and the contract's scalability, it's argued that this finding should be classified as medium severity. Addressing this inefficiency is crucial not only for enhancing user experience but also for ensuring the long-term sustainability and scalability of the platform.