Sharp Mint Llama

high

# All claimed rewards will be lost for the users using the account abstraction wallet

## Summary

In the Sherlock Audit Contest page the following is mentioned:

**_"On what chains are the smart contracts going to be deployed?_**

**_Mainnet, possibly Avalanche C-Chain for the staking contract."_**

Also, created a private thread on discord to ask in the case that `VVVETHStaking.sol` will be deployed on Avalanche C-Chain, will they just bridge the rewards and got the following answer:

**_"Kalogerone — Today at 2:09 PM_**
**_In the audit contest page, you mention that you will possibly deploy the staking contract in avalanche c-chain. The VVV_** **_token though will be deployed in Mainnet I'm assuming. So how are you gonna send the VVV rewards from the_** **_staking? through a bridge is the plan?_**

**_Jax — Today at 2:15 PM_**
**_It will probably be deployed on eth, otherwise we will bridge yes"_**

This means that the `VVVETHStaking.sol` contract and the whole codebase should be audited with that in mind. Keep in mind that the staking rewards will be the `VVV Token` which is said to be deployed on Mainnet.

Users with account abstraction wallets have different addresses across **different chains** for the same account, so if all rewards are claimed with the usage of `msg.sender`, for someone using an account abstraction wallet, the rewards will be sent to the wrong address on Mainnet and lost permanently.


## Vulnerability Detail

Now, let's look at the codebase and understand how all the rewards will be lost for the users. `VVVETHStaking.sol`:

```javascript
    /**
        @notice Claims $VVV for a user
        @param _vvvAmount The amount of $VVV to claim
     */
    function claimVvv(uint256 _vvvAmount) external {
        if (_vvvAmount == 0) revert CantClaimZeroVvv();

        uint256 claimableVvv = calculateClaimableVvvAmount();
        if (_vvvAmount > claimableVvv) revert InsufficientClaimableVvv();

        userVvvClaimed[msg.sender] += _vvvAmount;

@>      vvvToken.safeTransfer(msg.sender, _vvvAmount);

        emit VvvClaim(msg.sender, _vvvAmount);
    }
```

This is how a user claims his rewards. We see that the rewards are calculated and then sent to the `msg.sender` address. For someone using an account abstraction wallet, this means he has no options to control where his rewards will go and lose them when bridging to another chain (from Avalanche C-Chain to Ethereum Mainnet).

## Impact

If the `VVVETHStaking.sol` contract will be deployed on Avalanche C-Chain while all the other contracts get deployed on Ethereum Mainnet (which is a possibility according to the protocol team and the codebase should be audited accordingly), a user with an account abstraction wallet will lose permanently all his rewards. Such a user doesn't have the option to select his Ethereum Mainnet address to send the rewards.

## Code Snippet

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L183-L194](url)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider allowing the user to select the address he wishes to receive his rewards:

```diff
--- function claimVvv(uint256 _vvvAmount) external {
+++ function claimVvv(uint256 _vvvAmount, address _receiver) external {
        if (_vvvAmount == 0) revert CantClaimZeroVvv();

        uint256 claimableVvv = calculateClaimableVvvAmount();
        if (_vvvAmount > claimableVvv) revert InsufficientClaimableVvv();

        userVvvClaimed[msg.sender] += _vvvAmount;

---     vvvToken.safeTransfer(msg.sender, _vvvAmount);
+++     vvvToken.safeTransfer(_receiver, _vvvAmount);

        emit VvvClaim(msg.sender, _vvvAmount);
    }
```
