High Blood Hyena

medium

# VestingSchedule tokenAmountWithdrawn may overflow in extreme cases

## Summary

In VVVVesting.sol, the `tokenAmountWithdrawn` is defined as uint128. However, the available amount of vested tokens calculated by `getVestedAmount()` returns uint256. In some extreme cases, a user may not be able to withdraw all available vesting tokens if it exceeds type(uint128).max because of an integer overflow.

## Vulnerability Detail

`tokenAmountWithdrawn` is used to keep track how many VVV tokens has been withdrawn from a schedule. The amount of VVV tokens available is calculated by `getVestedAmount()`, which returns a uint256, and uses the following formula: `tokensToVestAtStart + tokensToVestAfterFirstInterval * ((1 + growthRateProportion)^elapsedIntervals - 1) / growthRateProportion`, which can easily be close to uint256 limit.

From the code below, we can see if a user tries to withdraw more than uint128 tokens, the line `vestingSchedule.tokenAmountWithdrawn += _tokenAmountToWithdraw;` will lead to a overflow, preventing the user to withdraw all available vested tokens.

```solidity
        if (
            _tokenAmountToWithdraw >
            getVestedAmount(msg.sender, _vestingScheduleIndex) - vestingSchedule.tokenAmountWithdrawn
        ) {
            revert AmountIsGreaterThanWithdrawable();
        }

>       vestingSchedule.tokenAmountWithdrawn += _tokenAmountToWithdraw;
```

## Impact

Since there is no documentation on what the cap of vvv tokens would be, it may be set to larger than uint128.max (even though it is a big number). Also, from reading the code, the `getVestedAmount()` definitely may return a number larger than uint128.max, which would lead to an overflow for the user if he tries to withdraw all vested tokens.

## Code Snippet

- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/vesting/VVVVesting.sol#L32
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/vesting/VVVVesting.sol#L153-L162

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

Use uint256 for `tokenAmountWithdrawn`.
