High Blood Hyena

medium

# VVVETHStaking.sol may run out of vvv Tokens for claim

## Summary

In VVVETHStaking.sol, when a user claims vvv token, tokens are transferred from VVVETHStaking contract to the user. However, if there are a lot ETH being staked, it may happen that the contract will run out of vvv tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

If a lot of Eth is being staked, the total amount of vvv tokens that needs to be transferred out of VVVETHStaking contract may be large. There may be not enough vvv tokens in the contract, causing users to be unable to claim their vvv tokens.

The admin may mint more vvv tokens to the staking contract, but considering there is a hard cap on vvv token, this may not always be doable. The worst case scenario is the amount of vvv tokens to be claimed by staking contract hits the hard cap.

One may argue that the admin can set vvv token to a new one, however, this is something I want to discuss in another issue, because when the user first staked their ETH, it is the original vvv token they want to claim, and not the new one. So it may not make sense to switch to a new vvv token for old stakes (when a user begins staking, the vvv token address should be stored in `StakeData` to avoid this).

```solidity
    function claimVvv(uint256 _vvvAmount) external {
        if (_vvvAmount == 0) revert CantClaimZeroVvv();

        uint256 claimableVvv = calculateClaimableVvvAmount();
        if (_vvvAmount > claimableVvv) revert InsufficientClaimableVvv();

        userVvvClaimed[msg.sender] += _vvvAmount;

>       vvvToken.safeTransfer(msg.sender, _vvvAmount);

        emit VvvClaim(msg.sender, _vvvAmount);
    }

```

## Impact

Users may not be able to claim vvv tokens on time, or in the worst case scenario, never claim their vvv tokens due to the hard cap on vvv tokens.

## Code Snippet

- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/staking/VVVETHStaking.sol#L183-L194

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

Make sure the contract has enough vvv token before user begins staking.