Tricky Vinyl Squirrel

medium

# Authorized users might not be able to mint tokens (Edge Case)

## Summary
The `onlyAuthorized` modifier of `VVVAuthorizationRegistryChecker.sol` will not work in certain scenarios.
It uses `msg.sig` as the function selector when checking for authorization.

However `msg.sig` is the signature of the first function you have called, not of the current function.

**So if you call function A, which calls function B, the "onlyAuthorized" modifier of function B checks if you are authorized for function A!**

There is a difference between external an public functions.
For external functions this works as expected because a fresh call (with a new msg.sig) is always made.
However with a public functions, this doesn't happen and the problem described above occurs.

## Vulnerability Detail

```solidity
File: VVVToken.sol
  
         function mint(address _to, uint256 _amount) public onlyAuthorized {
              _mint(_to, _amount);
         }
```
### Scenario:

According to the sponsors when asked if the authorized personnel will be an EOA or contract, the response was 
> root ยง: Likely en EOA but possibly a multi sig wallet

- Suppose the multi sig contract has a function say "mintVvvToken" which calls the `mint()` inside VVVToken.sol.
- The "mintVvvToken" function is executed, but the call reverts when it reaches the `onlyAuthorized` modifier check. Even though the wallet is authorized but due to the `mint()` being **public** instead of **external**, tokens will not be minted in this case.

## Impact
Authorized users might not be able to mint tokens in certain scenarios

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/tokens/VvvToken.sol#L25

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change the functions setting from public to external as has been done elsewhere in the contracts.