Oblong Cedar Rooster

medium

# Admins can call authorized functions by not setting permissions

## Summary

When a function has the onlyAuthorized modifier, only permissioned roles can call this function. Unfortunately, an admin can call the authorized function before setting the permissions for that function. This breaks the invariant stated in the contest details:

> No role may be able to take action d (i.e. Call function) without having the role assigned through setPermission.

## Vulnerability Detail

Default admin roles have their role set to 0x00, the default value for bytes32. VVVAuthorizationRegistry.permissions is defined as:

`mapping(bytes24 => bytes32) public permissions;`

This means that for any given contract + function, the default role will be set to 0x00, which is the default admin role. Based on how isAuthorized works, if a default admin role calls a function and no permissions is set for that contract + function, isAuthorized will return true:

```solidity
function isAuthorized(
    address _contractToCall,
    bytes4 _functionSelector,
    address _caller
) external view returns (bool) {
    bytes24 key = _keyFromAddressAndSelector(_contractToCall, _functionSelector);
    bytes32 requiredRole = permissions[key]; // AUDIT: this will return 0x00 if the permissions has not been set.
    // Since the _caller is the default admin and requiredRole is 0x00, hasRole(requiredRole, _caller) will return true.
    return hasRole(requiredRole, _caller);
}
```


## Impact

Admins may be able to call authorized functions that they should not be allowed to call before the function is permissioned.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-vvv-vesting-staking/blob/main/vvv-platform-smart-contracts/contracts/auth/VVVAuthorizationRegistry.sol?plain=1#L28-L36

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

A `touched` attribute should be added to each permission. If touched is false, then no role can call this including the default admin. Once the permission is set for a given contract + function, touched can be set to true. This prevents the default admin from calling the function before the permission is set for the contract + function.